---
layout: post
title: Welcome to Bashincajun's blog
tags:
  - Blog
  - Intro
description: >
 This page is just a place holder and introduction to my blog.
hero: https://source.unsplash.com/collection/145103/
overlay: green
published: true
---
***
This page is a place holder for my future blog. My creative process is quite slow and often non exisitent, however i decided to create a blog to help improve that process. I also wanted to find a way to share things i have learned and/or done with others in hopes of encouraging people or just helping them get started in infosec.

***

First and formost the obligitory any thoughts and views expressed on this blog are my own and not represitivie of my employer.

***

Topics will be mostly focused on Infosec and IT in general, however there may maybe other topics that cross over here When they due i will do my best to ensure that they are catagorized as such.

***

## Things you may see on this blog.

Topics may inclused but are not limited to:  

- HTB (hack the box) write ups

- Hardware Projects (Pi, IOT, Hackerboxes)

- Eventually 3d printing

- Vulnerability reviews

- Various Tutorials

- The occasional keyboard smashing rant

- Probably some food blogs as I love to eat  

- and hope fully more.


This blog will very much be a journey as i am new to Markdown so please forgive any formating errors I will do my best to overcome the learning curve in this format of writing.

##              Check out DeadPixelSec
It is an awesome positive community, all are welcome no matter your skill level  

[Deadpixelsec Home](https://deadpixelsec.com/)  
  
[Deadpixelsec Discord](https://discord.com/invite/EJJRjZD/)

*[HTML]: HyperText Markup Language
*[CSS]: Cascading Style Sheets
*[JS]: JavaScript
